Originally I had no intention of publishing this report.
Because I think Yun Lan is right. Deal with the money wolf.
If you don't hit hard, you have to be careful about being reversed.
Who do you think is the money wolf? Speak clearly.
Who is the money wolf? Look at you.
Mom gave you eight chapters and forget it.
person times. If you have it again.
A person drives you away from birth. Let me see who dares.
I came late and the door was wrong.
Yunlan, you just came back. You don’t even know how to look at you.
He did something. I see. This report is for you.
He needs to be given medicine and scolded. It should be directed at me.
But you can't just get it
Just ignore our brotherhood.
What kind of brotherhood is there?
What did you say?
Bring people up Dr. Chen